Groom changelog /1.3.1 beta.1 (#2035)
Azure/communication-ui-library: packages/communication-react/CHANGELOG.md

  - Add aria-live: "assertive" for announcing lobby, network failure and call end notices so screen reader users can be aware of call status change immediately([PR #2007](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/2007) by 82062616+prprabhu-ms@users.noreply.github.com)
  - Add best practice around only allowing one instance of the sample to be open at a time on mobile ([PR #1981](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/1981) by 2684369+JamesBurnside@users.noreply.github.com)
  - Memoizes the return from the participant list selector for better optimization. ([PR #1980](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/1980) by 94866715+dmceachernmsft@users.noreply.github.com)
  - Update fluentui/react version ([PR #1979](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/1979) by carolinecao@microsoft.com)
  - Update startCall handler in the Calling and CallWithChat Adapters to support the StartCallOptions parameter needed to start a PSTN Call. ([PR #1976](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/1976) by 94866715+dmceachernmsft@users.noreply.github.com)

>   - Add DeclarativeIncomingCall class and a new method getIncomingCall in declarative call agent to allow contoso to obtain a declarative incoming call object using incoming call id. ([PR #1975](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/1975) by anjulgarg@live.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add a new attribute `incomingCalls` to CallAgentDeclarative that returns all active incoming calls ([PR #1975](https://github.com/azure/communication-ui-library/pull/1975) by anjulgarg@live.com)
```
